Frequently asked questions (with answers)
-----------------------------------------

0. Q: Where to get ROM files for the emulator?
   A: Download the xf25.zip from http://prdownloads.sf.net/atari800/xf25.zip
      You'll get three .ROM files - ATARIBAS.ROM, ATARIOSB.ROM and ATARIXL.ROM.
      We cannot distribute them due to licensing and copyright issues. Sorry.
      In Atari800 UI there is an option to locate these ROM images.

1. Q: I want Windows version of Atari800 with Windows GUI.
   A: Try Atari800Win PLus: http://atariarea.histeria.pl/PLus/index_us.htm

2. Q: If I use keyboard as the emulated joystick in the DOS version
      it often stops some games (e.g. Bruce Lee). What should I do?
   A: Press F7 to switch the keyboard into joy-only mode. Or better,
      use a real joystick (either PC or the old CX-40 Atari one).

3. Q: How about keyboard joysticks in the SDL version?
   A: Up to two keyboard joysticks can be freely defined and enabled/disabled
      on-the-fly in the UI (user interface). Press F1 to enter the UI, then
      enter "Controller Configuration" and then "Define layout of ...".
      There you can choose which keys will be used as joystick directions
      and the fire button. Don't forget to enable the joysticks before
      gaming and to disable it before using your keyboard in BASIC, DOS
      or a text editor. When you're satisfied with your keyboard joystick
      mapping you can save the settings.

4. Q: Sound problems in xxx
   A: We know about problems with volume-only sound (digitized sound effects).
      See the BUGS file. You can try disabling the new HIFI Pokey
      emulation (in the UI go to Sound Settings and disable the HIFI there).

      I also experienced sound problems in SDL on my Debian GNU/Linux with ESD
      (a sound daemon coming with GNOME) that were fixed by installing
      the libsdl1.2debian-alsa package (that is compiled to output sound 
      directly to ALSA instead of going through the ESD (this is applicable
      only if you are using ALSA (http://alsa-project.org/) and have ESD
      running, of course).

